Move testing-library cypress commands import to inner commands so it can be imported (#5906)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

This change improves UX of the Babel view (translation form) since a disabled field cannot be selected to be copied over.

### `volto-slate` Cypress helpers moved to its own module

> There were some Cypress helpers for `volto-slate` along with the other definition of Cypress commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There were some Cypress helpers for `volto-slate` along with the other definitions of Cypress commands.
```

> The Cypress command definitions are intended to be only loaded once, and the helpers can be imported a number of times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cypress command definitions are intended to be loaded only once, whereas the helpers can be imported any number of times.
```

Therefore, we moved the helpers to its own module:

> ```

Reviewer: Is this JavaScript (js) or React (jsx)? I'm guessing .js based on the `commands.js` file name.

````suggestion
```js
````

import { slateBeforeEach } from '@plone/volto/cypress/support/commands';
```

becomes:

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```js
````
